[MUSIC]
A question one could ask about
a Raspberry Pi given all that we've
learned about it is, isn't a Raspberry Pi
device really an IoT device?
Would you consider it to
be Internet of Things?
So maybe is the answer to that and
that is basically depending on
how the Raspberry Pi it used.
So similarities,
reason why you might say Raspberry Pi
device is similar to an IoT device.
Look it has network intelligence,
which you need for IoT.
It has computational intelligence,
network connectivity,
computational intelligence, meaning it's
a processor that talks on a network.
It's small and cheap, that's classic,
very common inside an IoT device.
It's cheap relative to a full-on PC or
laptop, desktop, something like that and
they're pretty small, it's not
super small, but it's pretty small.
Pretty cheap and it can interface with
sensors and actuators directly via pins,
right?
Just like Arduino can and
just like other IoT devices do.
So, in those senses, you can say look,
this thing can be an IoT device.
Now, differences between a Raspberry Pi,
is that you could
use it In just like a laptop or desktop,
you can use it exactly in that way.
The interface can be exactly the same
as any old PC running Linux on it.
So the complexities and
how does that make it not as a IoT device?
What happens there is,
the complexities of the system
become visible to the user, right?
So the user can sit down there and
interact with the computer
with the Raspberry Pi, just like
you would with a laptop or desktop.
See all the details, right?
What's one of the beauties of an IoT
device is you don't see the complexities
as a user.
As a user, you know it's a simple device.
You're driving a car,
you don't see all the complexities,
the processing going on in the car.
You just hit the car pedal and
turn the steering wheel.
And you get the benefits of
the processing without having to deal with
the complexities.
When you sync that Raspberry Pi and if
you've got it plugged into a monitor and
keyboard, then you're actually
seeing the complexities.
You have to install software on it,
update drivers, all the stuff that
you have to do with a desktop or
laptop, you would have to do,
could have to do with a Raspberry Pi.
So if, so
when I say maybe it's an IoT device.
If you're using the Raspberry Pi
like a laptop or
desktop, meaning you're sitting at it with
a keyboard, and a mouse, and a screen.
And working with it just like you would
work with any desktop PC desktop or
laptop, then I would say no.
It's not an IoT device,
it's just a substitute for a laptop.
But, you can also use it in such
a way where you are not actually
interacting with it directly, right?
So if you say look instead of using
it in this way I'm gonna take
the Raspberry Pi and
I will connect it to a bunch of sensors,
connect it to a bunch of actuators.
And then rather then
sitting at a keyboard and
typing text directly into the Raspberry Pi
I just interact with the sensors, right?
Maybe there's a push button and
potentiometer, something like that.
I interact with those and
then the Raspberry Pi makes
something happen with the actuators.
Then I'm using it as an IoT device,
because I'm not directly interacting with
the processor, I'm interacting
with the sensors and actuators.
All right, so I'm one step removed, then
you would say, yes it's an IoT device.
So Raspberry Pi can be used as an IoT
device, but it doesn't have to be,
it could be used as a desktop,
laptop system, albeit a slow one, right?
So, compared to your standard desktop,
laptop,
it's fairly slow,
it doesn't have much memory.
I mean, it has some memory, but compared
to a desktop, laptop, not a lot, right?
So you could use it in that way but you
can also use it as an IoT device which is
how we'll basically, we'll talk about
both really in the specialization.
Thank you.
[MUSIC]